Okay. Let's start today's meeting since it seems like everyone's here.
How was your week?
Mine was super busy with three midterms this week,
but I'm excited for the spring break.
You have any plans.
I don't have any plans right now, but I would just say anything here and blah, blah,
blah.
You know, it's your turn dot
I'm already at Atlanta. I can't wait to leave Pittsburgh.
Yeah. Sounds fun.
Mine was super busy too with all those cloud work which is still ongoing.
I guess I'll be also be working on the poolside while I'm at Cancun.
Anyway, let's start off with our first agenda item.
Duke and Duchess of suspects asked to vacate. You came home Frogmore cottage.
Okay. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex has been asked to vacate Broadmoor College.
The cables official UK residents, their spokesman Tuesday and Wednesday.
The spokesman said we can confirm the Duke and Duchess of
Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore cottage
that is said the statement followed, reporting British newspaper,
The Sun that claimed the pier was being evicted
from the property which is owned by the crown estate
and that it had since been offered to Prince Andrew.
One of king charts three's brother
Birmingham Palace said Wednesday
it would be offering no comment.
A royal source told CNN that any such discussions would be a private family matter.
Prince Harry and Meghan now reside in the
United States but had retained the early 19th
century property as a UK base gifted to
the success by the late Queen Elizabeth third,
the second, the cottages nestled in a quarter of the Windsors estate west of London.
They refurbished the property and moved in shortly before the
arrival of their son Archie in May 9 2019.
However,
the renovation sparked controversy after the couple
stepped back from public life and it
emerged about $3 million of British taxpayers
money had been used under college refurbishments.
They have since paid back the public
money following their relocation to California.
Seems like loyal life, something that I definitely wanted to try out.
Yeah, don't even mention someone else paying my rent would be amazing
works including the removal of chimney re finishing the roof, new staircases,
fireplaces,
installations and the new floating wooden
floor were detailed in planning application.
Documents to the local council.
The course of all buildings,
pictures and the furnishings were paid for privately by the Duke and Duchess.
I guess we will need to finalize the accounting regarding
how much was paid to the Duke and Duchess.
Can you work on that by the next meeting?
Yes,
certainly the success stay at the property when they returned to the U K last year,
including when they attended the Queen's platinum jubilee
celebrations during the summit.
Prince Andrew recently resigned nearby at the royal lodge at on the Windsor estate.
The Duke of York also stepped back from Royal duties in
2019 after a disastrous interview about his friendship with disgraced financial,
Jeffrey Epstein involved the family in an unprecedented crisis.
According to the Sun,
the couple were reportedly asked to leave the
property days after the release of Harry's memoir,
Speer in January, the 38 year old Royal held almost nothing back as his dismantle.
The public's perception of him being the fun loving,
carefree party prince and delved into the
devastating impact of his mother's death.
His experimentation with drugs as a method of coping
with grief and his struggles at finding love.
Buckingham Palace repeatedly declined to comment on the memoir,
The autobiography, follow the six part Netflix documentary.
The couple released last year and an
explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021.
They alleged there were concerns in the royal family about our kids skin colors,
details,
feelings of being trapped and said magnet has
suicidal source to increase her first pregnancy.
Something interesting. Can you all watch the show by
and share your source on it?
Yeah, I was gonna watch it anyway soon.
I just haven't had a chance to find my free time.
Okay. Lets now move on to our next item, Alex Myrtle guilty. Alex murder.
All the first generation lawyer whose family long their influence in the small town
courtrooms across parts of South Carolina was
convicted on Thursday of murdering his weapons.
Sealing the dramatic example of a man
who has substantial wealth and powerful connections,
but who lived a secret life in which he is the millions of dollars
from clients and colleagues and lie too many of those closest to him.
The guilty verdict following a nearly six week long trial,
more than 20 hour month after the June
2021 fatal shooting of Mr Murdock's wife Maggie 52
their son, Paul 22 on the family royal estate.
The grizzly
crime had reverberated across the state.
In part because of the story storied history of the Myrtle family
which controlled the regional prosecutor's office
in South Carolina low country region
for more than eight years and ran an influential law firm for even longer.
Alan Wilson said today's verdict proved that no one, no one,
no matter who you are in society is above the law.
The state Attorney General at a news conference
after the verdict in finding Mr Martinez guilty.
Jurors rejected his claim that he had left the dog
channels where the crimes occurred several minutes before the shootings.
An assertion Mr Martel made from the witness stand only
as a fallback after prosecutors played a video contracting,
his longstanding claim that he had not been there at all.
The crucial minute long video recorded at the Canada
happened to capture Mr Myrtle's voice in the background.
It was taken by Paul Model in one of his last living moments
and act that inadvertently helped to secure the conviction of his brother.
Prosecutors contended that Mr Murdoch had killed his son with a shocking
then gunned down his wife with a rifle when she ran over to see what had happened.
Prosecutors said Mr Murdock quickly set about creating alibi
texting and calling his slim wife and visiting
his ailing mothers a short drive away.
Mr Marto stood silently in the courtroom as the verdicts were read, his older son,
Buster Marto who had testified about how distraught his father had been after
the killings sat in the courtroom with the hand over his mouth.
The jury also found Mr Marto guilty of the two counts of
possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime.
Judge Clifton Newman said he would sentence Mr Martin on Friday morning,
the minimum sentence for murder, 30 years in prison.
And prosecutors have said they will seek a sentence
of life in prison without the possibility of peril
Dick Harper.
Till in one of Mr Martin's lawyers said he planned to appeal the verdict.
Would it be possible for us to have summary of
his charges and verdicts be ready in two weeks?
I think two weeks is too much. Let's have them ready within a week.
The trial was a reckoning of miss merteuil
legal consequences for stealing in line since humility to from the witness stand.
And as he led a life of privilege and wealth, in addition to the stolen money,
he breaking millions of dollars to genuine income in
some years as a lawyer from his family's firm,
Mr Myrtle once dreamed of following in the footsteps of his father,
grandfather and great grandfather and becoming the region's top prosecutor,
but instead,
it's erroneous as a volunteer prosecutor working on
a handful of cases over two decades.
Nonetheless,
he kept a prosecutor patch on the dashboard of his card and blue flashing light
assigned. Prosecutors said that he viewed himself as above the law.
Mr Murdock was disbarred last summer after being charged with multiple
financial crimes including theft in total of about 8.8 million.
Mr Murdoch claimed that he had taken the money to pay for opioid
addiction that was something costing him tens of thousands of dollars a week.
A prosecutor
Zhang Meters gave a brief closing argument in rebuttal on Thursday,
urging jurors not to believe the claims of innocence
that Mr Merrill had made from the witness stand.
The jury of seven men and five women began liberating just before four PM
mode of having a question from the beginning of the case.
Prosecutors argued that Mr Marto committed the killings and in the field effort
to gain sympathy and to keep his longtime embezzlement from being exposed.
But another Mr Martos lawyers,
Jim Griffin told jurors on Thursday that the notion that Mr Martin would try to evade
scrutiny of his finances by placing himself in
the middle of a murder investigation strained credulity.
Mr Griffin asked saying, why, why,
why would Alex Myrtle on June 7th execute his sample
and his wife Maggie who he adored in love,
noting the number of people who know the Myrtle
family and testified about their loving relationship creating water.
The lead prosecutor noted Mr Myrtle admitted on the witness stated that he
had put many lives over the years to cover up his financial misdealings,
an addiction to painkillers.
Mr Waters urged the jurors to avoid becoming the next one to believe in his life.
He said, don't let him fool you too.
Mr Waters told jurors that a perfect storm had been approaching Mr Madoff
and by extension, his wife and son on the day of the murders.
Earlier that day,
Mr Murdoch had been confronted by his law firm's financial chief who accused him of
pocketing six figure check that he was supposed to pass along to the law firm.
That confrontation.
Mr Waters said was one of the two increase into Mr Martos
finances that led him to fear the walls were closing in.
The other was an effort by another large mark
intensely who had sued Mr Martin over his son's involvement
in a drunken boat crash in 2019 that resulted in the death of a 19 year old woman.
The authorities that the boat was driven by Paul Martin
and Mr Tinsley had been asking a lawyer to force Mr Martel to disclose
detailed financial records so that he could go after Mr Martin personal assets.
Initially,
prosecutors that Mr Models in work for several months after the murders,
the increase into his finances were holding.
But then in September 2021 an employee at his law firm
office,
leading to the firm's discovery that he had a title of millions of dollars,
they forced him to run
the next day.
In a bizarre series of events,
Mr Murdock reported that he had been shot in the head on the side of a rural roll.
It turned out as Mr Murdoch admitted from a detox facility days later that
he had actually asked a distance cousin Curtis Eddie Smith to kill him.
Mr Murdoch
said he had wanted to frame his death as a murderer
that so that he's surviving. Some Buster could collect on his insurance policy.
Much of the trial focused on Mr Murdock's lives,
including the one that he repeated to police in three interviews after the murders
in which he claimed to have not been at the family dog kennels.
Mr Morrow made the risky decision to take the witness stand
in his own defense last week and said in tearful testimony that
he lied to the police because he feared he would become
a suspect if he acknowledged being at the Kennels that night.
He had said he had been there for a few minutes,
but then had left and driven to check on
his ailing mother who lived about 15 minutes away.
He said he returned about an hour later to find his family. Dad,
Mr Griffin addressed Miss Myrtle's initial statements to
the police directly on Thursday saying that the video
from the cameras turned out to be the backbone of a case that like any other evidence.
But as a longtime drug addict,
Mr Myrtle has become accustomed to telling life is that
Mr Griffin said frankly,
he probably wouldn't be sitting over here if he hadn't lied,
pointing to his client was set at the defense table in a bronze blazer and white shirt
intensely watching the proceedings.
Mr Griffin added
he lied because that's what addicts do, addicts lie.
He lied because he had a closet full of skeletons
throughout the trial.
Mr Murdock lawyers argued that the police were sloppy in their investigation and
had focused almost exclusively on Mister Murdoch
instead of looking for other suspects.
Mr Griffin characterized the police investigation as being driven
by the concept that useless unless we find someone,
somebody else.
It's gonna be Alice
in his testimony.
Mr Morrow said he believed the killings were probably carried
out by someone seeking revenge over the boat crash.
Mr Griffin had ticked through problems in the investigation in his
closing arguments including that the lead agent David Owen of the
South Carolina Law Enforcement division gave false testimony about guns found
on the property to the grand jurors who convicted Mr Moto.
He also noted that the police had for months wrongly believed that
blood spatter had been found on Mr Martinez shared when in fact,
more rigorous tests taken later showed no blood.
He also criticized the prosecution for his contention,
that means Myrtle inconsistent,
convinced about the timeline of his movements suggested that he was the killer.
Mr Griffin said, can you imagine what he's done? Talking bacterias?
As he described Myrtle returning home to find his wife and son que he added that and
his evidence of guilt that he doesn't remember
what the sequence he was in that moment.
Is there evidence of guilt or is there evidence of Trump?
But Mr Waters Hammer Mr Murdock on his
previous deceptions asking Mr Metal repeatedly when he was
understand if he had looked at his clients in the eye when he stole their money.
And since suggesting that he had, he was also lying to the jury.
He's fooled them all.
Mr Water said of the victims of Mr Murdock's dissects.
He fooled Maggie and thought to and they paid for it with their lives.
Isn't it tragic that a man from such a well established family put blood on his hand,
right?
Who would have ever imagined people around him would have been hard to believe?
Will there be any movies or documentaries, documentaries being made of the story.
Oh, I was certainly watching if there's going to be won, by the way,
since we're talking about murder and blood and all those kind of stuff,
I can't wait for this quick game to, to be released.
Yeah,
it's going to be released later this year.
Right. Season one was so fun. I finished in the day
binge watching all the best. Not gonna lie.
Sad that we don't get those privileges anymore because all
of the work that's piled up in front of us.
Moving on to our last general item about data centers.
They doesn't include a room or building I T equipment and
facilities to securely cause power and the code of equipment.
Over the years, data centers have evolved from our location,
concentrated I T equipment to modular agile and highly virtualized
compute standards with growing use of web based services,
explosion of mobile devices and ever increasing rates of
generation.
One of the main contributors of the growth
has been the advance of the cloud computing paradigm
in which cost effectiveness is directly
linked to economies of scale and efficiencies
gained with new data center design,
all layer of cloud software and services run on top of physical resources,
largely service
storage and networking equipment
and all of these require power.
This equipment also generates heat and so requires Cooley,
a small data center might fit in one specialized room while
a large installation might be a dedicated warehouse sized facility.
Data center design requirements depend on its size and use cloud
centric data centers could come in two varieties and infrastructure.
As a service cloud provider offers a variety of machine types and the customers
pick and choose to build their own applications software as a service and platform.
As a service providers typically use large scale homogeneous computer notes
with custom applications that are presented to end users directly.
Other types of data centers include enterprise traditional I
T which houses computers to support functions for day
to day business operations and high performance computing data
centers which house large clusters of four scientific applications
in the last five years.
Specifically,
attention has been paid for the visions of data centers
dramatically decreasing the operational usage causes and carbon footprint.
This increasing efficiency has led to a fast evolution on data
center design and these trends are likely to continue effective use of
cloud resources and development of large scale dynamic applications for the cloud
require understanding of the physical resources that make up the cloud.
In this unit,
we started with transient data centers present components and make up
data centers and discuss data center design considerations and requirements.
If you think of the cloud as a massive computer,
you can still break it down into its constituent parts, processors,
memory and switch when you're programming for the cloud,
your writing programs that solve a problem or provide a service.
But with the ability to scale
a few decades ago to be a computer user meant to be a programmer.
Every programmer knew the instruction set architecture will.
And because hardware resources were scared,
scars had to optimize in assembly language.
With the advent of high level programming languages such as C and C plus plus,
Java and Python, why do students still have to learn computer organization,
cashing and assembly language when you know that the compiler
is doing for you and makes you a better programmer?
Because you understand what is going on behind the scenes.
Similarly, you become better at debugging
unique. How many legal questions are you working on these days?
Can you make sure you do three questions a day so that you can find a job for the summer?
Right?
I should be doing so since I'm still jobless for summer,
I'll try to do three little questions for sure.
So that I learned anywhere that wants to hire me anyway, fast forward to today.
When you are developing applications on the cloud,
there does not yet exist a compiler that allocates
massive virtualized resources automatically to solve your specific problem.
It is up to you the cloud programmer to do the
management and to make your applications cost efficient at scale.
Analogous to understanding the components within a single computer,
knowing the underlying components of a data center will improve
your abilities to program and debug your cloud based applications.
Most of you will never go on to design and build your own large scale data center.
But understanding what goes into
implementing the underlying infrastructure will help
you appreciate all things that cloud providers are doing for you.
The term data center became popular in 1990s referring to
large rooms dedicated to housing computing and the networking equipment.
Though computer rooms themselves date back much further,
early computers were massive, the size of many refrigerators.
They also generate a lot of heat and
required a clean air refrigeration to increase reliability.
For this reason, early computer could not be placed into a regular office.
So customs rooms were built.
A lot of these same ideas go into server room debate.
The only difference is that instead of housing one computer,
they hold from dozens to hundreds to even tens
of thousands of servers in a single facility.
Modularity is important for data centers because it
allows an organization to expand as needed.
One of the enablers of a modular data center has
been standardized racks onto which I T equipment is mounted.
Historically, server racks have evolved from early relate rats,
racks found and railroad signaling.
It is unclear why the railroad companies chose the original 19" post to post with.
But the same form form factor made its way into early
telecommunications and then audio visual equipment
at radio and television stations.
Some of the advantages of lab rex design over a common protest
services include fire safety where rack posts and other
fittings were cast out of iron and later steel.
This became superior to earlier wooden enclosures that
could possibly ignite and damage all equipment inside
Nexus Feel assembly where racks could be assembled
using common hand tools and low skill workers.
Thirdly regularly spaced holes which is to support a wide variety of
equipment and lastly vertical mounting surface
allowing easier installation maintenance and wiring.
Many of today's standard 19 inch equipment
racks have evolved from Mavericks design can
prepare a brief diagram of lab design. Nothing fancy.
Just like a simple drawing thing. Yes, sure, I could do that.
Over the past few decades, citizens
have grown both in size in terms of
the number of racks and cabinets and intensity greater
density has become possible because of advances in CPU
integrated circuit and a printed circuit board design.
This leads to faster and more powerful computers within the same area.
The minimum size of an element on an integrated circuit called
the feature size has become smaller by orders of magnitude.
Over the last four decades,
individual transistors has reduced insights from about 10 microns
in 1971 to about 0.22 microns in 2013.
But individual transistors get smaller more can fit out the
silicon.
So each transistor consumes less power within the same thermal constraints.
CPUS have gone from single quality 16 course
with transistor counts going from millions to billions.
Additionally,
accelerators and co processors have emerged that provide hundreds of additional
floating point units each with increasing floating point operations per second
per once.
Also,
recent storage rates have gone from supporting three
or four mechanical hard drives per ac units
15-21 drives per
unit.
And although the power efficiency of individual
components has improved over the years,
computers themselves have become more dense packing in more processing course,
memory and storage per square foot.
This density caused the overall power consumption per rack
to rise dramatically over the last few years.
This trend means that both power and cooling requirements also increased.
For data center, a large data center now consumes several medical watts of power,
which is roughly the same power requirements of a small town.
Well,
that's amazing filtering data centers are important in terms of cloud computing
discussion about cloud computing gives me a headache.
I'm already experiencing, you know, cloud computing stuff in my life.
Yeah, let's call it a day on my faint soon. Have an amazing weekend. Everyone else.
See you next week. Bye.